Rover: add new GCS failsafe timeout param and improve failsafe descri… (#4964)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: rover/source/docs/rover-failsafes.rst

GCS Failsafe (aka Telemetry Failsafe)
-------------------------------------

Prior Rover-4.4
+++++++++++++++

This failsafe is triggered if the vehicle stops receiving `heartbeat messages <https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#HEARTBEAT>`__ from the ground station for at least :ref:`FS_TIMEOUT <FS_TIMEOUT>` seconds.

> - set :ref:`FS_GCS_ENABLE <FS_GCS_ENABLE>` to "1" to enable this failsafe

Reviewer: dont remove these if you keep the prior to 4.4 section (which we should)

Author: That is just moved not removed.
It probably make it more readable if I add the 4.4 specific things at the end. Will update

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Significant improvements have been made in Rover-4.4 and later for Ground Control Failsafe .

The Ground Station Control (GCS) failsafe controls how Rover will behave if contact with the GCS is lost.
The GCS failsafe monitors the time since the last MAVLink heartbeat from the GCS. If no heartbeat is received :ref:`FS_GCS_TIMEOUT <FS_GCS_TIMEOUT>` seconds (Default is 5 seconds), the GCS failsafe event will trigger based on your parameter settings. Note that if no GCS is ever connected, the GCS failsafe will remain inactive regardless of parameter settings.

> Setting the failsafe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the failsafe
```

check title under to match length

++++++++++++++++++++

In parameters list, set the :ref:`FS_GCS_ENABLE <FS_GCS_ENABLE>` parameter to:

-  **Disabled** (Value 0) will disable the GCS failsafe entirely.
-  **Enabled** (Value 1) will execute the FS_ACTION when Failsafe trigger.
-  **Enabled Continue with Mission in Auto Mode** (Value 2) will ignore the failsafe in an Auto Mode mission.

> The action done on Failsafe is controled by :ref:`FS_ACTION <FS_ACTION>` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action done on GCS Failsafe is controlled by the :ref:`FS_ACTION <FS_ACTION>` parameter:
```
